{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 DejaVuSansMono;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 <!--\
\
\\begin\{abstract\} \
\
This example manuscript is intended to serve as a tutorial and template for authors to use when writing their own AAS Journal articles. The manuscript includes a history of \\aastex\\  and documents the new features in the previous version, 6.0, as well as the new features in version 6.1. This manuscript includes many figure and table examples to illustrate these new features.  Information on features not explicitly mentioned in the article can be viewed in the manuscript comments or more extensive online documentation. Authors are welcome replace the text, tables, figures, and bibliography with their own and submit the resulting manuscript to the AAS Journals peer review system.  The first lesson in the tutorial is to remind\
authors that the AAS Journals, the Astrophysical Journal (ApJ), the Astrophysical Journal Letters (ApJL), and Astronomical Journal (AJ), all have a 250 word limit for the abstract.  If you exceed this length the Editorial office will ask you to shorten it.\
\
\\end\{abstract\}\
\
\
%% Keywords should appear after the \\end\{abstract\} command. \
%% See the online documentation for the full list of available subject\
%% keywords and the rules for their use.\
\
\
\\keywords\{editorials, notices miscellaneous --- catalogs --- surveys\}\
\
\
%% From the front matter, we move on to the body of the paper.\
%% Sections are demarcated by \\section and \\subsection, respectively.\
%% Observe the use of the LaTeX \\label\
%% command after the \\subsection to give a symbolic KEY to the\
%% subsection for cross-referencing in a \\ref command.\
%% You can use LaTeX's \\ref and \\label commands to keep track of\
%% cross-references to sections, equations, tables, and figures.\
%% That way, if you change the order of any elements, LaTeX will\
%% automatically renumber them.\
\
%% We recommend that authors also use the natbib \\citep\
%% and \\citet commands to identify citations.  The citations are\
%% tied to the reference list via symbolic KEYs. The KEY corresponds\
%% to the KEY in the \\bibitem in the reference list below. \
-->}